change cli (#268)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/develop/02_chain/04_fullnode.md

### Run an Archive Node

The full node can also be started as a Docker container.

> To expose the WebSockets ensure that the `--rpc-external` flags are set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To expose the WebSockets ensure that the `--rpc-external` flag is set.
```
